I'm in the frozen north and this is the
trail of the biggest of the cats the
tiger and the biggest of the Tigers a
Siberian tiger surely the most
formidable hunter of all
until human beings devised weapons for
themselves this was the most powerful
killer on earth the top predator few
creatures could escape it
nothing could threaten it but that has
now changed hunting animals need hunting
grounds and that inevitably brings them
in conflict with humanity once there are
Tigers all over Asia from Sumatra and
barley in the South India in the West up
to Siberia in the north but sadly over
much of those areas that tiger has
disappeared and even this one is in
captivity
big cats like the same sort of meat as
human beings as well as eating human
beings so it's scarcely surprising that
the two don't coexist very easily